# i dont know
thing is it feels so bad and vulnerable,like when the person with whome you compare your self and wanna be like him/her and one day surpass him/her gets ahead of you, and you are still the same. I really wanna be like that and want to touch the same heights like them,but the feeling of left behind maked me feel so bad, and the tears are just comes out when I think about it. But, when I go deep, then it really make sence that why he/she are that much great, for example they probably started their coing journey form class 10th or 11th or 12th and they are getting the results when they are in 2nd or 3rd year of their college, where i just started in my 2nd year and started doing it from the 2nd semester of of 2nd year, and by now what I have done in that time perioud thats good enough. And this thing is so common in programming world, that people even advise these things  often in Twitter/linkedin/yt. like 
<p align="center">
<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">Dear Devs<br><br>Don&#39;t forget, you can <br><br>- Start late<br>- Start over <br>- Be unsure<br>- Act different<br>- Try and fail <br><br>And still, succeed.</p>&mdash; Ravin 💻🚀 (@ravinwashere) <a href="https://twitter.com/ravinwashere/status/1333280449750212610?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">November 30, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script><blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">I give the advice someone who just started learning programming.<br><br>Here&#39;s some: <br><br>- Google is your friend<br>- practice, practice and practice<br>- challenge yourself<br>- don&#39;t be intimidated by code<br>- don&#39;t give up</p>&mdash; Ravin 💻🚀 (@ravinwashere) <a href="https://twitter.com/ravinwashere/status/1333411874918989824?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">November 30, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script><blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">I code daily<br>I read daily<br>I learn daily<br>I help others<br>I set my goals<br>I have good habits<br>I don&#39;t blame others<br>I don&#39;t make excuses <br>I don&#39;t waste my time<br>I don&#39;t compare others <br>I have a positive mindset<br><br>Reasons why I am a good Self-taught software engineer.</p>&mdash; Ravin 💻🚀 (@ravinwashere) <a href="https://twitter.com/ravinwashere/status/1330063551004864512?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">November 21, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script><blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">I wrote my first program at the age of 29.<br><br>AND<br><br>You don&#39;t have to be a genius to learn a programming language, you just have to be determined... thank goodness for that, I am determined but no genius.</p>&mdash; Ravin 💻🚀 (@ravinwashere) <a href="https://twitter.com/ravinwashere/status/1334151153559302149?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">December 2, 2020</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>
</p>
And a fact is, I got my 1st mobile after passing 12th boards and even that got stolen in the same year, it was like 2-3 months i just bought it, and then a wait of 1 reay and in the 2nd year I got my 2nd mobile and 1st laptop. And this ot for showing pity to myself and showing how struggling it had been, but its to sat that <strong>I am just getting started and I am gonna get there one day for sure.</strong> 

The thing belive is, if you concentrate on one thing and do it with all your attention and hard work you are gonna reach to your goal definitely,if not then more closer.
But the problem is there is multiple things to look into and you gotta do thaqt to make your self better. So, to slove that the solution which is coming in my mind rn, is to allocate time slots. 



so, I have decided to set some bigger goals in 2021. 
And I am gonna get them all by the end of 2021.



## Top 10 goals fo 2021🌟:

1. get a paid DS/MLE internship.
2. Wanna be good at DSA.
3. Get into GSoC or MLH.
4. getting my self placed in a good company like tcs digital, flipkart, zomato, myntra or amazon. I know that I cant crack bigh tech companies like google or MS, but I really feel that id I can set my self and work hard toward it then I can do it. 
5. Do more open source contributions. 
6. Learn julia and contribute to open-source.

List is to be continued...
